Ey, ey, damn
L tapped twice on some ass like grams
I just fucked, ay
Now what I'm doin'?
I'm just pillow talkin' with a bitch (ay)
I'm just pillow talkin' with a bitch (ay)
(Do you fuck with the war?)
I just finished spazzin' on a bitch, ay
Now I'm pillow talkin' with a bitch, (ay)
I'm like, "Girl, that was great, talk about a connection"
"Am I alone in my praise, do you share my assessment?"
She like, "Yeah, that was nice", (ay) "I enjoyed myself"
"Great", "Yeah"
She like, "Can you reach that shelf for my phone?"
"I'll take care the alarm"
I'm like, "Oh, for the mornin', like to sleep?"
She like, "Yeah, we just had sex" (ay)
"What did you think, I was just gonna fuck you and leave?"
No, I-, uh, I hadn't thought that far ahead
But of course, can I get you a t-shirt?
Oh, can you not tickle my hair? (Ay)
It's just a personal thing, it's not you
Okay sorry for doin' it
No, no, this just a personal thing, it's not you
"Okay, cool" (ay) "Yeah"
Uh, so you're from Minnesota?
Only thing I know is that it's colder, break it down
How's it compare to livin' in LA?
Well, I can't compare 'em, they're so different
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, for sure
She like, "Apples to oranges"
Well you can still compare them but I hear ya
Uh, what's the deal with your family, got any siblings?
She like, "I have a brother"
I'm like, "Oh what he do?"
She like, "He in the Army"
Oh, true
Uh, do you fuck with the war? (Ay)
She like, "Huh? Wh- what did you just say?"
Uh, like just now?
"Yeah", "Do you fuck to the war?"
No, I don't fuck with the war
I'm like, "No, I don't fuck with the war"
"Just don't know how to react to the forces"
"I should have just thanked you, of course it's-"
Uh, why would you thank me?
Uh, I guess I assumed it would extend to the families but okay
While we're on the topic, I been actually thinkin'
About some shit, about the Army and Navy
What if tomorrow is the day
That the fucking aliens came and invaded our nation?
Like, would we even be able to fuck with their shit?
Like, do we have the type of weaponry to fuck with their ships?
Or not at all, like, would they just walk up in this motherfucker
Laughin' at us and blastin' at us
And makin' everybody disintegrate and assimilate
Without a hint of intimidation?
Or could we do some shit to be makin' their heart race?
Granted, I don't know the alien heart
But you get what the fuck I'm sayin'?, "Uhm?"
Like, what the fuck would it be like?
Would they be like, "Earth go hard"? (Ay)
Or is it just another conquest? (Ah)
Or would they be like, "Damn, Earth go hard"?" (Ay)
"They was harder than Simian"
You ever talk to your brother about this, uh, type of stuff?
Then she like, "No"
I'm like, "Well, what you think?"
She like, "I don't concern myself with hypotheticals that couldn't be" (Ay)
I'm like, "Girl, what you mean?"
She like, "I don't believe"
"In the war?", "In aliens"
Oh, hold up, hold up, wait
Girl, what you sayin'?
That all of the life in the universe happens to be where you stand?
I guess
What an enormous coincidence that shit would be
Do you see what I'm sayin'?
I can't hear what you're sayin'
Well the universe always expanding (ay)
There are infinite galaxies (infinite)
Why would we be the anomaly?
She like, "That's no coincidence"
"I call that shit God" (hold up)
I'm like, "Oh you're religious, bitch"
"You think it's all God?"
No, I know it's all God
No, I know that there might be a God
First off, nobody knows there's a God
Girl, I think we should drop this (ay)
No, what's goin' on in your brain right now? (Brain)
Brain on some other shit though
I've been all up in the club for the year, hey (brain)
I've been killin' shit don't mind me, ay
I'm just top flight
I could sure use a Sprite
I'm thirsty as fuck
Who gettin' money? That's Brain (Brain)
Who make decisions? That's Brain (Brain)
Who make the hits? That be Brain (Brain)
Who run the whole operation? That be Brain-
Brain, can- can you just get back to the issue here?
Uh... (really?) Can you just remind the brain?
You're such an idiot, we're talking about God and if he exists
Don't call Brain names
The Brain couldn't recall
But if I'm not mistaken, this bitch to my left
Guaranteed there's a God
I believe in a God, yes
So, God never wrong
God never wrong, right?
Yeah, that's like the whole point
Brain just get there, please
Hold up, so God made the earth (ay)
And God was like hold up (hold up)
This shit is borin'
It need more shit
God was like, "I'ma put dinosaurs on that bitch"
"Dinosaurs on that bitch"
Then He like, "Why'd I put dinosaurs on that shit?"
What is your brain even sayin'?
Can he get to the point?
Hold up brain you just did it (ah)
God ain't wrong, what the fuck was he thinking?
"About what?", "Bitch, the dinosaurs"
He made the Earth for them and then he like, "No"?
"Dinosaurs are just blah?" (What's your point?)
"I'ma cook up some blondes?"
Like, He was way off, I don't look like a dinosaur
Ho, them things 35 feet, I'm like 5-foot-11
(Up on Tinder I'm six foot)
Seen that Brachiosaurus
That thing fuckin' neck go to heaven (good shit Brain)
And that's just an expression, bitch
There ain't no heaven (ay)
Funny
I'm just messin' but if he ain't wrong
I guess this the exception
"Can I talk now?", "Go ahead"
Look, everything in life has purpose (ay)
You, chickens, a midget at a circus (what?)
I don't interpret
She like, "That's not for me to determine"
So dinosaurs purpose was to just die?
That's not for me to determine
But-, okay
I'm just a person
Okay but think of the root of the argument girl (ay)
View how we started this girl, like, you don't believe in the aliens
Yeah, I just-
You confine God to earth, girl, I find that shit salient
I just don't presume to know the plan
Bitch, me neither but that's not what I've been sayin'
But what are you sayin'?
Why can't God fuck with aliens?
Why can't Earth be like, a fuckin' small side project for this guy?
Okay, look, we just don't see eye to eye
Yeah but logically, like, you don't believe in your side
Well but you're like bringin' up fuckin' dinosaurs
Like we could have shared the earth with them, nobody knows-
Yeah, there is hard soil evidence, girl
Like what's next, you don't fuck with Pangaea?
She like, "Lets change the subject"
Okay (This bitch don't know about Pangaea)
Brain, leave it alone
Uh, I'm starving, are you hungry by chance?
Oh, my god, I'm so hungry
Yes, do you wanna get a pizza?
Fuck yeah
Fuck yeah, I'm on it
Also, I'm sorry about that whole interrogation thing
Come on dude I'm a grown-up (ay)
I'm capable of having intelligent conversations
O- okay, I just-
Fuck it, back to this pizza I lean pepperoni
Ugh
Sausage?
How can you eat that shit?
No, no, no, this not Dominoes, this legit
It's high-quality meat and shit
No, no, I'm vegetarian
Oh, right, well we can get half pepperoni (ay)
And half of whatever you like
Uh, ew, I can't have that shit in the same box
Uh, s- seriously?
Yeah
You're that against meat?
No, I'm that against us being gluttonous
Thinkin' that animals live on this earth to get eat
Okay, is it how we treat them?
That sure doesn't help
Okay
She like, "I'm not opposed to us huntin'" (ay)
"But now we not trackin' them down"
"We just breed 'em to eat, that's disgustin'" (ay)
"You should honestly read on the subject
Alright, hold up (hold up)
Just because we're not runnin' around with a bow and arrow
Doesn't mean we're not huntin' these chickens
We just set the place to do our huntin' intelligently enough
To manipulate these animals and get them to do exactly what we want
That's my point, we just incubate animals
Instead of just letting them live how they come
Yea-, but- that's just your God at work, bitch
While we go hard on earth
What you think would happen right now if you left my place
And there were like three wolves waiting for you?
Wolves?
Bitch, they would tear your ass up
Viciously, like, they would eat your titties (and your pussy)
That's what they do (and your face and shit)
Humans are smarter, bitch, that's what we do
She like, "Apples to oranges"
Bitch that phrase don't make no sense
Why can't fruit be compared?
She like, "I'm gonna leave"
There's just all of these conflicting principles
Right, enjoy your pepperoni pizza
I will, that's my God-given right (ay)
She like, "Where is my bag?"
Oh, that leather one next to the trash?
That's the one right? Made out of cow, I think?
Ugh, why are there no Ubers in this area?
So you don't eat the meat, you just be wearin' that shit
I'm not listening dude
That's barbaric as shit (ay)
Do you come from the Vikings?
Why are you even still talking?
Do you take peoples land?
I'm not listening, dude
Do you fuck with the war?
How are there no Ubers anywhere?
Just download Lyft, they are bigger in presence out here
I don't wanna add shit to my phone
Okay, the choices are clear, ho
Ubers are not around here, ho
Taxis will come but they real slow
Ay, the brain gotta poop
T minus 5 'til the brain gotta shit
I just downloaded Lyft, but it's being so glitchy
Ugh, look do you just want to sleep here?
Uh, no thanks
It's past 2:00 am
I'm not sharing a bed with you
You can sleep in my bed, I'll sleep on the floor
Fine, you're sure?
Yeah, it's cool, I won't throw you out to the wolves
Oh, my god, you're so annoying
I couldn't help myself
But can you at least throw me a pillow?
I'm just pillow talkin' with a bitch (ay)
I'm just pillow talkin' with a bitch (ay)
(Do you fuck with the war?)
I just finished spazzin' on a bitch, ay
Now I'm pillow talkin' with a bitch
Brain gotta poop, still
Please don't neglect the Brain
Please don't neglect the Brain
Hold on, is that my Lyft? I don't know if I-
Nah, I got a pizza
Full pepperoni too
So, you're not gonna wanna be a part of it
But first you should poop
Please don't neglect the Brain